Our Mission
As the world’s number 1 job site*, our mission is to help people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers.

(*Comscore, Total Visits, March 2026)
Day to Day
As a Machine Learning Engineering Fellow at Indeed, your technical leadership will play an integral role in accelerating improvements to our core search and recommendations platforms. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with smart, caring, and inclusive co-workers, including Product Managers, Software Engineers, User Experience, and, of course, your fellow MLEs. You’ll be working across our retrieval, ranking, metadata, resume, and machine learning platform teams. If you love learning about a variety of different machine learning systems, identifying areas for improvement, and managing across teams to deliver on your vision, then this is a great role for you.

With tens of millions of daily users, you’ll observe the impact of your work every day. So if you’re a machine learning engineer who is passionate about driving innovation that helps people get jobs, we want you to apply!

You will be able to work from anywhere within the United States for this role.
Responsibilities
Identify, architect, and drive innovative machine learning solutions across the Indeed platform spanning multiple teams and organizations
Collaborate with cross-functional partners to clarify requirements and plan large-scale initiatives
Partner with senior leadership to develop and influence long-term technical strategy
Guide and influence people at all levels of the company in delivering significant initiatives
Mentor and support the growth of machine learning engineers and emerging engineering leaders
Propose and oversee initiatives that improve the efficiency and productivity of the machine learning organization
Contribute hands-on when needed by diving into code and sharing machine learning engineering best practices across the organization
Skills/Competencies
Requires a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field and a minimum of 15 years of related experience; or a Master’s degree with a minimum of 12 years of experience; or a PhD with 8 years experience
Experience guiding through influence and delivering predictable results in complex organizations
Proven ability to translate product direction into machine learning architecture and strategy
Effective and inclusive verbal and written communication to a variety of different audiences
Experience coding in Java, C, C++, or Go in backend development; Tensorflow, PyTorch, Sagemaker, or equivalent ML Platforms for model development; and Python or R for data analytics
Experience with SQL Databases such as Presto, AWS Athena, Postgres, BiqQuery, or equivalent